E320: Extra-Credit Sectiopn and Export Grades

Project Members:
-----------------
Salil Kanitkar : sskanitk
Ameya Gholkar  : argholka
Subashini SoundaraRajan : ssounda2


The Aim of this OSS project was to add two specific functionalities which are not currently present
in Expertiza.

* Issue 1
----------
In the recent assignment there was a part which was completely regarded as extra-credit and
thus should not have been counted towards the total 100% of the Review Grade. However, due
to missing functionality to handle this issue, most of the students ended up with less than 100%
grades only due to comparatively lesser points in the Extra-Credit question. Thus, our aim here was
to introduce a functionality that can handle such situations.

What we have done
-------------------
We have introduced concept of sections into Expertiza. Now, any admin can easily add any number
of extra-credit questions into any new questionnaire that he makes and specify the weightage he
wants to give to the questions (i.e. 0 雾务 100%). By default, no new questionnaire has extra credit
questions. Furthermore, when an extra-credit question is introduced the default weightage of the
Extra-credit is set to 10% which can be edited.
We have added a table sections and a field section in the questionnaire table which effectively acts
as the foreign key for the sections table. The 西熙section伍西 table also consists of fields is_extra_credit
which is added for ensuring that multiple sections can be added and a field extra_credit_weightage
which is the value in percentage which specifies the weightage for that section.

* Issue 2
----------
In the current version of Expertiza, there is no functionality for exporting grades of a particular
assignment in any kind of file. Our aim here was to introduce such functionality.

What we have done
------------------
We have written functions in the grade_controller and grade_helper which provide the functionality
of exporting grades as CSV (Comma Separated Values) file. Thus, now for any assignment the admin
can click on the link to View all scores for all participants or teams 雾务 and he shall see an Export-Grades link 
below the table to export the table in the view as a CSV file.
